documentation to static-pods for naming of pods (#26196)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/static-pod.md

on the Kubernetes API server for each static Pod.
This means that the Pods running on a node are visible on the API server,
but cannot be controlled from there.

> The Pods' name will suffixed with the node hostname with a leading hyphen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pod names will suffixed with the node hostname with a leading hyphen
```

Howdy, @Xorima! I'd recommend changing the possessive such that it reads like this suggestion, and provides a bit more clarity.
